Let's see how we should handle the action that updates an existing model.
First off, we can reuse the store post request glass as we need the same validation rules for the form
data.
So update the method header.
And then.
Use the result of the request validated method.
And assign it to the validated variable.
This would return an array with validated data.
But before you validate the data, you should make sure that the model with the given I.D. actually
exists.
So first to the post variable, let's assign the result of blog post find or fail as a reminder, this
would return are for all four page if a blog post with the given ID won't exist.
You already know the field.
It was explained in the mass assignment lecture.
Let's use it to apply the new input data to the model so we can do a post feel validated.
Now called the save method to save the changes.
Notice that creating new models and updating existing ones.
Uses the same safe method.
It won't hurt to tell the user his action was successful through our flash message, so let's add one.
You can do that by using the request session method to access the session object and then called a flush
method.
Our recession variable name is called Status, and the Messages blog post was updated with an exclamation
mark.
Finally.
Let's redirect to the Post page so you can see the changes in the flash message, so you return our
redirect to a rude.
Called posts show, and you have to pass a parameter, which is called Post.
That's the idea of the newly created blog post sorry, not newly created updated blog post.
There it is.
Now, save the changes and let's try it out.
So I am in the browser, the post is free, and in my case it has such title and such content, so make
sure you just go to a blog post, which exists now manually.
LEDs are added to the root to display a form and let's change it to something that can be clear that
it was modified, but also make sure that this data will pass the validation so the text has to be long
enough.
And this is how the post with Idy free looks after the changes.
So it means everything works perfectly.